# What i found and how i found it
##### 11/4/24
### Context:
Some ways I have been researching information about hard and software is by using Google. To look up information about the software I researched "What kind of software do motivational speakers use?" the results I got were "presentation software like Microsoft PowerPoint or Google Slides allows you to create visually compelling slideshows to accompany your speech." But this was not exactly what I was looking for so I switched up my research wording. I decided to search "What kind of apps do motivational speakers use" Then I was able to find better results of the information I was looking for. A link I found about software for my project was[skill hub,](https://speakerhub.com/skillcamp/speakers-toolkit-must-have-tech-and-apps-modern-presenters)[ peptalk,](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/peptalk-daily-self-motivation/id976885594)[ Virtual speech.](https://virtualspeech.com/learn/public-speaking-apps) For hardware, I did the same thing: I searched " What type of hardware do motivational speakers use in their presentations? " This search was pretty helpful; it got me some very helpful results, which I added to my notes. Some results were like websites like [ Gadgets every speaker must carry with them,](https://www.inc.com/melanie-deziel/3-gadgets-every-speaker-must-carry-with-them.html)[Things every speaker needs in their bag,](https://hughculver.com/tools-trade-every-speaker-needs-bag/)[essential for every presentation,](https://www.inkppt.com/post/20-essential-presentation-accessories)and[Gift for public speakers.](https://jnpmerchandising.com/gifts-for-public-speakers/)

### EDP
I am currently moving foward from step one to my next step on my freedom project because, i already made a solid choice in what i will be makeing my project on. And i have mention a verity of reasons into why i have choosen to base my project on modivation speaking for my project. I am pationate about this choice and i know i have no regrets in making this choice so now i now i am ready for the next step. Which is looking up information about software and hardware modivationl speakers use in their job. I was able to find some relible information to iclude in step two, For both hard and software. Now my next step is to do right after this step is to brain storm a invention i could create using insperation based on my research results.  

### Skills
 How to Google: Learning how to google was a skill I had to learn and get better at throughout working on this project because when researching software for the first time. There were many results unrelated to what my project was about. So I had to learn how to rephrase what I wanted to search about to get results related to the job of a motivational speaker. I also had to make some adjustments like. Sometimes add edu at the end of a question I was researching to get results that are reliable and not fake news. This was the main reason why developing the skill of knowing how to properly know how to google the right information as well as credible sources. So I can use great quality resources for my project. 

 Collaborated: Collaborating was an important skill I had to develop when working on this second step leading up to the big project because There were moments when my mind was all blank. I thought there would be nothing I could google about software for my kind of profession. But I was proven wrong when I decided to collaborate with a friend and ask them how were they able to reword a question to find what they were looking for. They passed on to me some great suggestions and ideas I was able to use to help me succeed in my research. Knowing how to work well with others and finding a partner who knows how to help you without giving away an answer is how most of my collaboration skills come from with my friends. 



[Previous](entry01.md) | [Next](entry03.md)

[Home](../README.md)
