# Entry 1: Why i chosed motivational speaker
##### 10/7/24
# Contect
#### 1) I decided to choose my topic as motivational speaker because, in my personal life,I have noticed more often how many people in my close circle of family have really given me the best advice in the world! Especially in moments in my life when I fell down in a deep, dark black hole. One day I just sat by myself and thought, Wow,every single person I know and watch on social media all have one thing that keeps coming back to me. MOTIVATION,DISCIPLINE, WISDOM! All of them have given me one or more peices of advice on  each of those categories. So in my head,I saw this as a message and a sign from the universe or the god speaking to me that this is what I am meant to do this job for living when I get older. But I said to myself,Calm down. Start first by doing your freedom project on this job before jumping to conclusions. I did have other options in mind,like being a nutritionist or marketing,but the more I did some self-reflection and had deep thoughts with myself about my future job and lifestyle, I just couldn't help but leaning on the idea of being a motivational speaker.I guess the job also wants me. 
# Sources
#### Some sources I have always looked at,even before the Freedom Project, Were this website called [(https://www.ted.com/talks) ] This website has gone pretty viral on social media, so I assume people have an idea of what I am talking about when I say Ted Talk, which would be one of my sources. To be honest, I found their website really reliable and put a lot of trust in all the new information they put out. Another website I use is a personal website I started using often in the beginning of August 2024 on my phone and thought this website would be perfect for my freedom project! It's called [(https://arnoldspumpclub.com/).] How this website works is you sign up for free through email and you will be sent every morning motivational advice. I stumbled upon this website on my summer, break and ever since I have signed up, I have built a whole new perspective on how I view the world and life. So I just knew I had to use this amazing website to help me on my freedom project. 
# sorces i looked into
#### Some articles I did explore before choosing to be a motivational speaker are (https://www.forbes.com/sites/entertainment/article/famous-authors/] to learn about authors because that was also a topic I was interested in. I did find this page helpful,but it didn't grab my attention. So I thought I had to look at another web page to see if this topic really isn't right for me. I looked at [(https://thegreatestbooks.org/authors)] and I did learn about some really cool books that have been written by some amazing authors. But once again, nothing from this page gave me a sense of reason to choose this topic for my freedom project.
# Engineering Design Process
#### Currently i am at a stage of researching the problem because, i need to find out first what are problems most individual now i days facing in their life that is making them feel so depressed and giving up at life! Another stage that i am in is finding possable solutions! I have to brainstorm some ways i can help people get back on track in their life. By either forming the phrases or form the right speach that i know will stick a strong massage to my audience to help them be motivated through their life.
# Skills
#### I have develope a never ending amout of skill through researching my topic motivational speaking but i will only mention a few that i found most important. One developing a growth mindset, The more i kept on researching this topic i noticed how every motivitional speaker has a positive mindset. Which makes perfect sence because they have to have a growth mindset and a positive one before even giving self help advice to others. It wouldn't make sence if i want to be a motivational speaker but i think poorly of my self and yet give others advice on how they can improve themselves when i don't even take my own advice, So this is why haveing a growth mindset is a important skill i have developed for this job. 
#### Another skill i have developed is how to learn, i have develope the skill on how to learn on my own manly through reading books based on my topic and annotating them while i read. This has help me a massive amount if i really want to take this job and project seriously. And also, being able to learn on my own has made me rely on other people less and get things done quicker on my own.  
[Next](entry02.md) 

[Home](../README.md)
